Who has the nickname "The Rock"?
What is the most popular anime of all time on MAL? (as of 4/23)
What is the highest rated manga of all time on MAL? (as of 4/23)
What is the highest grossing movie of all time? (as of 4/23)
What manga is the author Eiichiro Oda most known for?
What is the most popular food delivery service in Canada? (as of 4/23)
What is the mascot for the University of Ottawa?
Which public university in Ontario starts with the letter Y?
Which city is Lakehead University located?
What is the genre of manga/anime that is marketed towards young adult men?
What is the genre of manga/anime that is marketed towards young adult women?
What is the genre of manga/anime that is marketed towards young teen boys?
What is the genre of manga/anime that is marketed towards young teen girls?
What is the genre of manga/anime where a male character is surrounded and loved by many female characters?
What is the genre of manga/anime where a female character is surrounded and loved by many male characters?
What is the genre of manga/anime that is marketed towards children?
What is the genre of manga/anime that teases sexual themes?
What is the genre of manga/anime that focuses on robots?
What is the genre of manga/anime that involves being transported into another world?
What is the genre of manga/anime that focuses on male same-sex relationships?
What is the genre of manga/anime that focuses on female same-sex relationships?
What is the 1st element on the periodic table?
What is the 2nd element on the periodic table?
What is the 3rd element on the periodic table?
What is the 4th element on the periodic table?
What is the 5th element on the periodic table?
What is the 6th element on the periodic table?
What is the 7th element on the periodic table?
What is the 8th element on the periodic table?
What is the 9th element on the periodic table?
What is the 10th element on the periodic table?
What is the 11th element on the periodic table?
What is the 20th element on the periodic table?
What is the highest grossing movie by Studio Ghibli?
What is the most streamed song on Spotify? (as of 4/23)
What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
What is the largest planet in our solar system?
Which planet in the solar system has the most rings?
Which planet is closest to the sun?
What is the most known dwarf planet?
Who was the prime minister of the UK during World War 2?
What is the scientific study of plants?
What is the term to describe a long-distance foot race?
What is the largest country in the world?
What is the capital of Finland?
What is the capital of Germany?
What is the capital of Japan?
What is the capital of Canada?
What is the capital of UK?
What is the capital of France?
What is the capital of Australia?
What is the capital of New Zealand?
What is the capital of Belgium?
What is the capital of Norway?
What is the capital of Italy?
What is the capital of China?
What is the capital of Thailand?
What is the capital of Brazil?
What is the capital of Mexico?
What is the capital of Poland?
What is the capital of Hungary?
What is the capital of India?
What is the capital of Indonesia?
What is the capital of Austria?
What is the capital of Spain?
What is the capital of Russia?
What is the capital of Ukraine?
What is the capital of the Czech Republic?
When life gives you lemons, make ________
Who said the iconic phrase "Bing Chilling"?
Which social media platform is owned by Chinese company ByteDance?
What is the FPS game developed by Riot Games?
What is the largest continent in the world?
Which university is located in Hamilton, Ontario?
What is the previous name of Toronto Metropolitan University?
Which university is located in London, Ontario?
What city is Laurentian University located?
What is the most popular video hosting site?
What is the F in FAANG?
What is the N in FAANG?
What is the G in FAANG?
What is the company that developed Windows operating system?
What is the most popular programming language starting with P?
What is the highest-rated romance anime series on MAL? (as of 10/23)
What is the highest-rated comedy anime series on MAL?
What organ is the body's control center?
What organ pumps blood through the body?
What organ extracts oxygen from the air?
What is the new name of Hotmail?
What is the most popular video conferencing software starting with Z?
How many chambers does the heart have?
Who is the celebrity British chef known for hurling brutal insults?
What is the second-most spoken language in the world?
What does the A in OSAP stand for?
What happens every four years in the calendar?
Which city will the 2024 olympics be held in?
Which city was the 2022 olympics held in?
What is the first finger called?
What is the second finger called?
What is the third finger called?
What is the fourth finger called?
What is the fifth finger called?
What continent is Andorra located in?
What continent is Eritrea located in?
What continent is Bhutan located in?
What continent is Papua New Guinea located in?
What continent is the Solomon Islands located in?
What continent is Myanmar located in?
What continent is Guinea located in?
What continent is Montenegro located in?
What continent is Bolivia located in?
What continent is Haiti located in?
What continent is Paraguay located in?
What continent is North Macedonia located in?
What continent is Libya located in?
What continent is Chad located in?
What continent is Mongolia located in?
What continent is Malawi located in?
What continent is French Guiana located in?
What continent is Niger located in?
What continent is Belarus located in?
What continent is Cuba located in?
What continent is Uruguay located in?
Which body part is pork butt actually from?
What is the average height of a male in the US?
What does the E in FSWEP stand for?
What does the U in USA stand for?
Who became prime minister of Canada in 2015?
What is the name of the international airport in Toronto?
What is the first colour of the rainbow?
What is the Facebook company's new name?
What is the Google company's new name?
What type of leaf is in the Canadian flag?
What is the official animal of Canada?
What is the name of the national anthem of Canada?
What is the name of the national anthem of USA?
What is the second national language of Canada after English?
What is the best-selling video game in the world?
What company developed Super Mario Bros.?
Fill in the blank: The Legend of ____: Breath of the Wild
What is the animated Netflix show based on League of Legends called?
Which city in Ontario was Justin Bieber born in?
How many provinces are there in Canada? (number)
What is the northernmost territory in Canada?
What is the name of the US state situated to the west of Canada?
What is the protected green space of Southern Ontario known as? (also referred to as Golden Horseshoe)
What is the largest ocean in the world?
Which two mathematicians invented calculus?
Which superhero defeated Thanos in Avengers: Endgame?
What does the prefix 'tri' mean?
What does the prefix 'sexa' mean?
According to OSAP, how many courses counts as a full course load?
What is the oldest language in the world based on the first written account?
Who is the main protagonist of Demon Slayer?
Who is the main female protagonist of Kaguya-sama: Love is War?
Which team won the NBA championship in 2019?
Who is the all-time NBA leading scorer?
Which corporation owns the Java programming language?
What is the earthquake strength measurement scale called?
What charity does the IDF stand for?
What is the main circuit board in a computer?
What holiday is celebrated on the third monday of February in most parts of Canada?
What green holiday is celebrated on March 17th every year?
What year did World War II end?
Which state is Los Angeles located in?
What is the name of the final geological period of the Mesozoic Era (age of dinosaurs)?
Who was the Canadian prime minister from 2006 to 2015?
What is the easternmost province of Canada?
What is the name of the Swiss luxury watch brand?
What is the name of the official residence and workplace of the president of the USA?
What is the name of the American film company with a mountainous logo?
What is the unit of measurement for the amount of substance in chemistry?
What is the name of the Norwegian music producer known for his song "Faded"?
What is the mathematical constant 'e' called?
What is the name of the company that built the submersible vessel Titan?
What is the insect that has large, bright-coloured wings and fluttering-type flight?
Which country was a part of the Axis Powers along with Germany and Japan?
What video game genre does RPG stand for?
What is the group of waterfalls that borders Ontario and New York?
Who is the Canadian pop singer known for the song "Baby"?
What is the period in European history that followed the Middle Ages?
Which country is Lionel Messi from?
What South Korean county hosted the 2018 Winter Olympics?
Who is Discord's mascot?
What is the name of the 1960 book about racial injustice and loss of innocence that is widely taught in schools?
What is the game genre that involves a textual narrative with illustrations and limited interactivity?
Which European country starts with the letter D?
Which European country starts with the letter E?
Which European country starts with the letter H?
Which European country starts with the letter V?
Which Asian country starts with the letter V?
Which Asian country starts with the letter Y?
Which American state starts with the letter D?
Which American state starts with the letter F?
Which American state starts with the letter G?
Which American state starts with the letter H?
Which American state starts with the letter L?
Which American state starts with the letter P?
Which American state starts with the letter R?
Which American state starts with the letter U?
Which inhabited territory starting with the letter P does the United States own?
Which city was the 2012 olympics held in?
What is the upper chamber of the United States Congress called?
Which composer wrote Für Elise?
What is Mozart's first name?
What is the fear of confined spaces called?
What is the fear of nudity called?
What is the fear of bridges called?
What is the basic unit of heredity?
What is the longest-running anime of all time?
Which Canadian university starts with the letter D?
Who was the last king of France before the French Revolution?
What is the popular property trading board game called?
What is the tallest roller coaster at Canada's Wonderland?
Fill in the blank: When in Rome, do as the ______ do.
What is the term for monetary gain after business expenses?
What is the term for permanent ink inserted into the skin?
What is the colloquial term for brief pain in the head from consuming something cold?
Who is the bald businessman archnemesis of Superman?
What is the name of the mountain range that Mt. Everest is located in?
What is the process of creating a genetic copy called?
What is Shakespeare's first name?
What is the most abundant element in the atmosphere?
What is the 90s movie franchise starring Kevin McCallister?
What is the country with the largest number of active volcanoes?
What is the term for contracting work to be done by another company?
What drug is used to treat inflammation?
What is the branch of biology that studies bodies?
What is the name of the mathematical sequence that constantly appears in nature?
What is the term for a pedestrian illegally crossing a street?
What is the largest island in the world?
What is the augmented reality Pokémon game published by Niantic called?
What term starting with the letter 'n' is the antonym of 'wide'?
What is the largest rainforest in the world?
Who is the founder of e-commerce company Amazon?
What is the space-related company founded by Elon Musk called?
Which US state is the Statue of Liberty located in?
What was the last letter to be added to the English alphabet?
Which afro painter hosted "The Joy of Painting"?
Which US state has the longest coastline?
Which Canadian province/territory has the longest coastline?
Guess the movie: ☄👦❤👧